{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red131\green108\blue40;\red170\green13\blue145;\red196\green26\blue22;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Quick Integration Tips for the Fantastic Worlds iOS Starter Kit  (available from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://iosstarterkits.com"}}{\fldrslt iOSStarterKits.com}} ).\'85.
\b0 \
\
\
1. Copy the images in the 
\b For_Tiled
\b0  folder, into the 
\b For_Tiled
\b0  folder you\'92ve already got with the Kit files. \
\
2. Import the .
\b tmx
\b0  file into your version of the kit.* \
\
3. The .
\b plist
\b0  file can be opened in Xcode and used to copy and paste all the level data from the Levels dictionary. It doesn\'92t necessarily need to be imported to the Xcode project, but it won\'92t hurt if you do. It is simply used for copying and pasting. \
\
4. Import the .
\b xcassets
\b0  folder.  The 1x and 2x files for each element in the Tiled file are already included in the .
\b xcassets
\b0  file. \
\
5. Thats it!  \

\b \
____________________________________
\b0 \
\
*The .tmx file will look for the images in the For_Tiled folder by going up one folder, then up another folder. For example, in the xml data that looks like this\'85\
\
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 source\cf3 =\cf4 "../../For_Tiled/cloud2.png"
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Once that .tmx file has been copied into your Fantastic Worlds Xcode project, it should be within the Quest folder, then inside another Quest folder. So the For_Tiled folder should just be saved to the same location as your main folder of the Xcode project.  Just like it is in the example projects you received after buying the kit.  }